Didi/navigationview search (#677)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/navigationview/styling/navigationview.md

| `BackgroundColor` (`Color`) | Specifies the background color of the header area. |
| `BorderColor` (`Color`) | Specifies the border color around the header area. |
| `BorderBrush` (`Brush`) | Specifies the border brush around the header area. |
| `BorderThickness` (`Thickness`) | Specifies the border thickness around the header area. |
| `CornerRadius` (`Thickness`) | Specifies the corner radius of the border aroud the header area. |
| `ContentPadding` (`Thickness`) | Specifies the content padding of the header area. |
| `CompactWidth` | Specifies the width of the container in compact mode. |
| `ExpandedWidth` | Specifies the width of the container in expanded mode. |
| `IsHeaderButtonVisible` (`bool`) Default value `true` | Specifies the visibility of the navigation toggle button. |
| `IsHeaderButtonToggled` (`bool`) | Specifies the visibility of the navigation toggle button. |
| `HeaderButtonStyle` (`Style` with a target type of `NavigationViewToggleButton`) | Specifies the style that will be applied to the navigation toggle button. |

## Styling the Navigation Toggle Button 

> You can style the toggle button by setting the `HeaderButtonStyle` property to the `HeaderStyle`. Thy target type of the `HeaderButtonStyle` is `NavigationViewToggleButton`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can style the toggle button by setting the `HeaderButtonStyle` property to the `HeaderStyle`. The target type of the `HeaderButtonStyle` is `NavigationViewToggleButton`.
```

> The control uses for Toggle Button is the [Telerik .NET MAUI Button]({%slug button-overview%}) cotnrol. Use all properties applicable for RadButton to style the toggle button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control used as a Toggle Button in the NavigationView is the [Telerik .NET MAUI Button]({%slug button-overview%}). Use all properties applicable for the `RadButton` to style the Toggle Button.
```

### Visual States

You can apply visual states to the navigation toggle button. 

> here is a sample XAML definition with visual states:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a sample XAML definition with visual states:
```
